hi it's LT from bramble motors coming at
you with another edition of the brand
new media minute today we're here with
the 2012 Jeep Wrangler Sahara now mostly
you know that Wranglers are convertible
I guess everybody knows that you've seen
them around before with just the roll
cage fly and you can even take the doors
off
but did you know that you can actually
take them off and a couple different
pieces so say it's a little bit nice
salt like a day like today you know it's
November but I'm out here in my t-shirt
it's pretty nice so maybe I don't want
to take the whole thing off maybe I just
want to have a sunroof style so you can
do is actually remove the freedom panels
now you look here you can see that
there's a seam seam right here and you
can take the panels off in front of here
there's two pieces they call them the
freedom panel you actually be able to
remove those and drive around just like
it was a sunroof pop it back on it's
pretty easy to do by yourself so come on
in I'll show you how to do it all right
like I said you're gonna be able to pop
these things off really easily by
yourself there's just a couple steps the
first step is gonna be back here on the
overhead bar you're gonna have a couple
of little dials here one for each side
I'm just gonna loosen this up until it
pops up it's actually just a long screw
and this is just like the head of it so
all you're gonna do is loosen that bad
boy till she pops down now that we have
that loose one put that off to the side
or not so the next step is gonna be all
these L brackets right here you're gonna
turn all of those 90 degrees so they're
gonna be come on
all right and it's gonna be three on
those on each side after done with those
the next one we're gonna go to there's
actually a mount right here in the front
and this one's a little bit a little bit
tighter to a little bit more tension on
it you're gonna pop that bad boy out and
there you go look at that the whole one
side is already loose so we're gonna
lift this off pop it off and hop on the
other side all right now we have that
set out of the way we're gonna happen to
get the next one do the same thing we
got that pop though we're gonna get this
leverage so this one's only got one the
other top actually helps hold it on so
we'll get that side one we'll get that
front one here and there you go look at
that you ready to rock and roll
got the top off you got the wind blowing
through your hair before that take us 30
seconds a minute something like that
they go on just as easy just repeat the
steps in Reverse and you're good to go
thanks again for checking out the
Brandel media minute I've been Lt have
yourself a great day
you